hi I'm Jackie and I'm here with dr.
Fuhrman and many people on our site ask
us you know I should I read Eat to Live
first or should I agree with you for
health first and from my personal
experience I always say oh you have to
read Eat to Live first because it really
gives you the Y and for health really
gives you the practicality behind it and
it's funny because I never even knew
that was the right recommendation so I
wanted to ask you well then I retha look
back into in about 10 years ago and it
came out 2003 and it's changed people's
lives it's been obviously it's been very
extremely successful translate into
multiple foreign languages 17 printings
but eat for health which was written
more recently it has a much higher rate
of turning people over to make the
change necessary because logic and
science isn't just enough for people
because they make their decisions based
on feelings and emotions unless you
teach them sufficiently about the how
human addiction health food addiction
affects there really to make judgments
and to make choices then they're not
going to give in move move to the next
level and that's so the problem need to
live is it so what I little too advanced
for people even though it's great
information now I've been reading will
say that sounds great but I don't do
that and now with eat for health the
amount of people that will really do it
we didn't say oh yeah I can go into this
in a few different steps I don't have to
jump in a hundred percent and yeah I on
it and it hits them as to as to why
they're all the myths and misinformation
has caused them to think the way to do
another the terminal where the people
that actually make the significant
dietary changes could be much higher and
if they've learned that made some
changes then they want to go have a
meeting to live and they could they
could understand all that little bored
you signed in detail and they're not
going to be jacket if they read the
second time and that's essentially how
the nutrition
she works to our the nutrition
prescription is something that you came
out with after eight for health yes and
I was developing at the same time I was
developing in 12 contrition perspective
was the nutrition prescription as years
in the making developed it over a period
of many years and it's available at eat
right America calm and it gives people
the opportunity to take a computerized
assessments that analyzes their
particular risks a family history their
blood tests they're they're actually
what they do eat what supplements they
take what their what symptoms the field
and it actually determines what their
futures might be what they're at risk of
osteoporosis or hemorrhagic stroke vs in
skiing stroke if the risk of getting
cancer or and gives an idea of if they
keep doing what they're doing what their
life like will turn out down the road
that's very motivation to have
information because that tells them what
exactly they have to change and one of
the most important things they would
have to change doing to lower those
risks what if you're a person who is
already healthy but you didn't realize
that with your collaborative information
you presented your at high risk of the
hemorrhagic stroke that could be caused
by salt and not like eating meat you
know I mean so what we all have some
individual risk factors are more
important for you versus me and so with
that put together and the exact black
wither diet is lacking what nutrients
that might be lacking what foods might
be missing a diet anymore come have a
more complete disease protective dice
time so with that the cement black and
white with the graphs of the colors it
helps people all these are helpful tools
to motivate people that are stuck in the
mud and don't know what to do and it
have all these excuses and and fears
about making miss ative and changing the
ways well what I liked personally about
the nutrition prescription is it also
gives you a chance to you are doing some
things right you know and so it's what i
like is it
some of the changes that you make that
you need to make but also it gives you a
chance to celebrate your little wins and
then once you start to see some little
ones that you want to make some more
progress and you want more information
to make more changes that's a good point
because keep in mind some people like to
jump in a hundred percent and they need
to jump in a hundred percent because
they mean if they have some serious
illness during your death maybe they
didn't have a heart attack the next two
months and they infect Ronnie Valentine
that is it it is a hundred percent other
people are relatively healthy and
they're not ready for that huge
commitment but they do have to make a
significant change in the wife and so so
I think that we're developing the tools
what people can really feel the
information is customized to what their
particular needs are so is less chance
people will just but the worst thing is
people just throw the whole thing out
the door and I'll make any change and
then get some develop some severe
medical condition